TELCODOCS-414: add imageStorage parameter to agent_service_config.yam… (#45802)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-ai-install-ocp-clusters-on-bare-metal.adoc

* Install {product-title} {product-version} on a hub cluster.
* Install {rh-rhacm} and create the `MultiClusterHub` resource.

> * Create persistent volume custom resources (CR) for database, file system, and image storage.

Reviewer: Persistent volumes are not a CR. They're part of the base kubernetes API.

ref:
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/rest_api/workloads_apis/persistentvolume-v1.html#persistentvolume-v1
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/config-and-storage-resources/persistent-volume-v1/

* Create persistent volume custom resources (CR) for database and file system storage.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

[IMPORTANT]
====

> It is recommended to create a persistent volume resource for image storage. Failure to specify persistent volume storage for images can affect cluster performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a persistent volume resource for image storage. Failure to specify persistent volume storage for images can affect cluster performance.
```

Or something to that effect. ISG is unhappy with "It is recommended..." unless there are no alternatives.

Author: Updated as suggested.

> It is recommended to create a persistent volume resource for image storage. Failure to specify image storage will impact performance, as storage will be used on the actual node.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is recommended to create a persistent volume resource for image storage. Failure to specify persistent volume storage for images can affect cluster performance.
```

Author: Updated as suggested.

    resources:
      requests:
        storage: <fs_volume_size> <2>
  imageStorage:
    accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
    resources:
      requests:

>         storage: <is_volume_size> <3>      

Reviewer 2: Could consider more explicit sub values, e.g. `<image_storage_volume_size>`. On first scan, I thought maybe this field expects a Boolean value.

  osImages: <4>
    - openshiftVersion: "<ocp_version>" <5>
      version: "<ocp_release_version>" <6>
      url: "<iso_url>" <7>
      rootFSUrl: "<root_fs_url>" <8>
      cpuArchitecture: "x86_64"
----
<1> Volume size for the `databaseStorage` field, for example `10Gi`.
<2> Volume size for the `filesystemStorage` field, for example `20Gi`.
<3> Volume size for the `imageStorage` field, for example `2Gi`.

> <4> List of OS image details. Example describes a single {product-title} OS version.

Reviewer 2: And I know that this isn't in the scope of your change, but "Example describes a..." could be rephrased if you so choose. :)

> <5> {product-title} version to install, for example, `4.8`.

Reviewer 2: Should example values be quoted as they are in the config file, e.g.:

```suggestion
<5> {product-title} version to install, for example, `"4.8"`.
```

<6> Specific install version, for example, `47.83.202103251640-0`.
<7> ISO url, for example, `https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/dependencies/rhcos/4.7/4.7.7/rhcos-4.7.7-x86_64-live.x86_64.iso`.

> <8> Root FS image URL, for example, `https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/dependencies/rhcos/4.7/4.7.7/rhcos-live-rootfs.x86_64.img`

Reviewer 2: Add period to structure L84 like others. 

```suggestion
<8> Root FS image URL, for example, `https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/dependencies/rhcos/4.7/4.7.7/rhcos-live-rootfs.x86_64.img`.
```
